{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .AppleColorEmojiUI;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 100 days of SwiftUI\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Day1\'9707/05/2024. 12:15AM
\f1\b0 \
It\'92s day 1 and I only finished watching a setup video 
\f2 \uc0\u55357 \u56861 
\f1 . I wouldn\'92t technically call this day 1 cause I already knew how to setup a basic Xcode project. But I didn\'92t have time the whole day to watch this cause of work so I am still counting this as a win. Will continue tomorrow. Even if I get just 2 minutes to watch these videos, I would in a heartbeat.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Day2 - 08. 12:52AM
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I think we programming, what I have realised now is practicing to remember the concepts you learn in each video. So I am not really going to list everything I learnt today maybe just a few but actually practice everything in code. I have the screenshot of what to practice tomrrow so I can remember these concepts. But todays lesson was about layout, hstacks, vstacks and zstacks and using sf symbols yeah. and something to remember is 
\f0\b stored properties. 
\f1\b0 this means declaring properties like the showexchangeinfo variable in the contentView. when you declared that and tried to change its value in the button action, the error that arises simply means that structs do not allow us to just go and change stored properties. In order to change stored properties like trying to change the value of the showexchangeinfo, we use 
\f0\b property wrapper. 
\f1\b0 it wraps around a property to enable certain functionalities. and it depends on the property wrapper we use.}